fix(catalog): Update observability integration name (#4979)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/catalog/map-analytics-resources.md

---
title: Map {{site.observability}} reports in Catalog
permalink: /how-to/map-analytics-resources/
content_type: how_to

> description: Learn how to map {{site.konnect_short_name}} {{site.observability}} resources in {{site.konnect_catalog}} to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to map {{site.konnect_short_name}} analytics resources in {{site.konnect_catalog}} to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.
```

products:
  - catalog
works_on:
  - konnect
entities: []
search_aliases:
  - service catalog
  - konnect analytics
tldr:
  q: How do I map {{site.observability}} reports in {{site.konnect_catalog}}?

>   a: Create a {{site.konnect_catalog}} service and associate it with your {{site.observability}} resources to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports. When listing resources with the API, the filter key is `integration.name=analytics`.

Author: ```suggestion
  a: Create a {{site.konnect_catalog}} service and associate it with your {{site.konnect_short_name}} analytics resources to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.
```

---
title: Map {{site.observability}} reports in Catalog
permalink: /how-to/map-analytics-resources/
content_type: how_to
description: Learn how to map {{site.konnect_short_name}} {{site.observability}} resources in {{site.konnect_catalog}} to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.
products:
  - catalog
works_on:
  - konnect
entities: []
search_aliases:
  - service catalog
  - konnect analytics
tldr:
  q: How do I map {{site.observability}} reports in {{site.konnect_catalog}}?

>   a: Create a {{site.konnect_catalog}} service and associate it with your {{site.konnect_short_name}} Analytics resources to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a: Create a {{site.konnect_catalog}} service and associate it with your {{site.konnect_short_name}} analytics resources to visualize {{site.observability}} Reports.
```
